# HerSing
Educational Application While Singing Joyfully, is an offering for [Indonesia Transform Digital Education](https://angel.co/company/indonesia-transform-education). Considering that at the time of the Corona pandemic, various types of viruses hit, it was very difficult for the world of education globally, especially the age of children who were active in school. Indeed, it is the price of death that has occurred, so can't help but be happy or not, this project continues to restore the situation at the age of school children who may experience unpleasant feelings, deep trauma and psychological burdens that cannot be mentioned one by one.
## Educational Application While Singing Joyfully
Educational Application While Singing Joyfully, is an offering for Indonesia Transform Digital Education.
Considering that at the time of the Corona pandemic, various types of viruses hit, it was very difficult for the world of education globally, especially the age of children who were active in school. Indeed, it is the price of death that has occurred, so can't help but be happy or not, this project continues to restore the situation at the age of school children who may experience unpleasant feelings, deep trauma and psychological burdens that cannot be mentioned one by one.
The educational application while singing joyfully is expected to have a good role in the recovery process of the transition period in the teaching and learning process and face-to-face in the future. 
# Crisis Center 
This application will be integrated with a [Trauma Center](https://github.com/transdigiware/Crisis-Center) that will work together. It will be planned with various related stakeholders in the global community.
